I'm not a hunter, but some did.
Somebody was always bringing the carcass in and doing the cleaning in the showers and stuff.
The authorities didn't like that.
The commandant would be a lot upset.
It was amusing to me to learn later from Bob Cobb that he and Dittman used to do stuff like that.
I said, I can't imagine you doing that.
I think Dittman would do it in a minute.
Oh, this, while they were high-ranking people.
Calm was the vice president, and Dittman was a professor of military science.
Because I've gotten two or three good bull stories about how they were able to...
hide the carcass when the sophomores were looking for it, then smuggle it over to the dining hall to get it cooked and so forth.
As you now realize it in your role here and at other institutions, who were some role model leaders in your student years at A&M that you learned from?
Well, of course, the Corps commanders were always people you looked up to, just really revered.
This carpenter person I mentioned was an exceptional person.
Jack Lunsford was one of my heroes really all my life, and he still is, just really an exceptional individual.
But all of the real heroes I had in the student sense were the student leaders here on campus during that time.
Were there any academic or administrative people that you learned anything from that you were able to apply later?
Yeah, but really these were as a graduate student.
Not so much as an undergraduate.
Samang was someone I had great respect for.
His physical presence, the way he presented himself, and how he dealt with people in a very straightforward way.
All of those things were, I think, looking back on it were, I guess, small lessons.
The opportunity, even though they certainly were not unfriendly, the opportunity to sit down and talk to a professor in those days was somehow my lifestyle and theirs just weren't the same.
I was so focused on all these other things going on in the Corps.
They knew me, my professors all seemed to like me, and I made good grades so they knew about me in that context.
Right now, I get the impression your grades went up as your responsibilities went up.
Yeah, they sort of did.
They went up by the second semester of my sophomore year.
I was an honor student and managed to perpetuate that.
Now, as you were getting ready to graduate with your undergraduate degree, what did you think you were going to do professionally the rest of your life?
Well, I thought I would be an engineer.
I'd work for somebody as an engineer.
And I decided to go to Caltech, get a master's degree, just to give me a leg up on that career.
And sort of mid-year there, I began to realize that there was a heck of a lot more I could learn if I stayed in school.
So I started thinking about getting a PhD.
Sally got pregnant with my son.
And coming back to A&M, Samang tried to convince me to come back.
And it was just too good a deal to turn down.
Probably a mistake to do it, but it's not a major mistake.
So you came back when?
In 59, a year later.
I went to Caltech a year, came back here, got my PhD in two years.
So you and I arrived.
I got here in September of 59.
I came in July of 59.
Started the second semester of summer school.
Graduated in Caltech in one year with a master's degree.
And my son was born that following December.
Was O.C.
Cooper your family physician?
Sally's father was a doctor.
He passed away many years ago.
One of our first family fights was where that little boy was going to be born.
My mother-in-law sort of led the charge.
I liked to argue with her.
I can remember my father never said very much.
He was hard of hearing.
He was very quiet.
At that point, he was...
70 years old, something like that.
Still practicing.
Very good surgeon.
Highly regarded.
He was a bum-bright surgeon, for example.
He looked at me and said, I really think you ought to let her come up here to have the baby.
That kind of resolved it.
What other topics have we left out that you think of?
I can't think of anything.
You know, the Bear Bryant period and some of the things he did.
Oh, that senior year.
Losing the last three games.
What did that do to the spirit of how did you folks feel?
Well, we felt betrayed because he was leaving.
Hagler and I had heard from Harrington that Bear was very likely going to leave.
I think the interesting athletic story is probably one you've heard and know.
It's the involvement of the student body in hiring Myers, the next coach, Jim Myers.
They had the usual search committee with the great involvement of Regents and everything looking for a coach.
They went after the Navy coach, Eddie Erteletz, I think his name was.
Frank Leahy was talked into coming out of retirement and his doctor intervened.
Leahy wanted to come as athletic director and bring a young guy named Persejan as a coach.
Our A&M folks said, no, we want somebody that's established.
You've heard all those stories.
They focused on the Iowa State coach, Jim Myers.
They had some conversations with him, and somehow it fell apart.
I don't remember why.
The students then began to get alarmed about how long it was taking and so forth and so on.
So they got interested in Myers.
Hagler, and I'm blanking on his name now, the editor of the Bat then, went to Iowa State.
Somebody gave him some money and they just took off and went up there.
They showed up at Meyer's house one night and convinced him to renew his interest in A&M.
There was some coordination with the athletic committee and maybe even with Harrington.
At the end of the day, Myers got re-engaged and took the job.
He was sent a telegram from here with thousands of names on it.
It was one of these chain telegrams and stuff.
Myers showed up at an A&M football game here last year.
And I'd never met him, really.
I'd seen him when he came on campus when he got the job.
And he, of course, he remembers all of this.
It turned out that Hagler was on campus the same time.
So it was kind of an interesting moment when they saw each other as a... And it was that student enthusiasm that attracted him, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Of course, he was not successful here either.
And it started a chain of events until Stallings came.
All right then, I've got two questions left.
If someone walked up to you and handed you a million dollar check,
that you were to pass on to A&M, but you decide what's to be done with it, what would be your favorite personal thing to do for A&M?
Oh, I would endow the second chair in music or one in the English department.
Music or English.
I'd put it somewhere where it would make a difference and it would send sort of the message to those faculties that they are very important to us and what they do is very important to us.
Alright, then the last question.
What feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M?
Well, I love the place.
I don't think I'm very typical in that respect.
It has not always been the case.
I loved it when I was a student the following years, but I really drifted far away.
and never thought I'd have the opportunity to come back.
I mean, it was beyond my imagination.
When I was at Rice, or when I was really anywhere, I was definitely engaged in that place.
Whether it was Kentucky, Oklahoma State, and A&M was way, way out of my mind when the opportunity came to come back here.
So it's kind of the bookends in my life as I'm young and I'm old.
So A&M's a very special place.
Meeting the same set of people as old men that I knew when I was young is really a kind of an interesting way to spend a life.
It's been very special.
And the Aggies, frankly, the ones I love the most are the John Lindsay generation.
my bright generation, those really old guys that were affected by World War II and we're beginning to lose now.
And to be with them in the context of A&M is just too much fun, almost more fun than a human ought to be allowed to have.
I just really get turned on by them.
Some of the grumpy, crotchety old guys, I just have a ball with them, you know.
Let's quit with that.
Let's blend it.